There are tons of tutorial materials out there on the net including many good YouTube ones that are free.

As a relative noob myself, I've been logging my personal learning journey on a blog page called "Links for Python Noobs" (here) Any of the top listed ones should be good for you. Personally, I cut my first Python teeth with Nana's Zero to Hero. Since then, I've moved on to watching short lessons with Indently and Tech with Tim. You should shop around until you find a lecturer that suits your style.

The main piece of advice is the 80/20 rule. Spend 80% of your time writing your own code as opposed to copying recipes and only 20% watching the lectures. Good luck.



Agree. There are tons of materials out there on the net.

As a relative noob myself, I've been logging my personal learning journey on a blog page called "Links for Python Noobs" (here)

Also, if you don't know about Learning HOW to Learn, see (here)



https://steppingback269.blogspot.com/2025/07/links-for-python-noobs.html


The first thing to learn is: "Learning HOW to Learn". See (here) for example.

https://steppingback269.blogspot.com/2025/09/the-learn-how-to-learn-page.html

Thanks to advances in neuroscience, the techniques for effective studying / learning have changed significantly. No. You absolutely do not want to be studying 7 hours nonstop.
I'm not an expert in all the latest study methods. 
However there are many good teachers on the internet. 
You can find them by going on YouTube for example and typing in the search bar something like, "learning coaches". Make sure to check out guys like Dr. Justin Sung and the Koi brothers (many others though)


You are not a retard.
The evolution-shaped biological organ up there in your skull is functioning in accordance with what evolution has programmed it to do.

I highly recommend "The Memory Book" by Jerry Lucas (yes, the basketball player, who by the way graduated from med school, but b-ball paid better)

I also highly recommend you watch Dr. Justin Sung on YouTube. He too is a med school graduate who is now devoting his efforts to neuroscience based learning techniques. More generally, search for "learning coaches" on YouTube. Are there are many of them besides Dr. Sung.

I personally have become fascinated with this whole idea of neuroscience based learning techniques. So as a side hobby, I'm curating a blog page called "The Learn HOW to Learn Page" (here). Check it out. Keep pushing forward. Remember the answer to what do they call the guy who graduates last in his med school class? ... doctor.